Hello.
My name is Viktoryia Klimenka, I'm JavaScript Software Developer.
I started as Java developer and gained more than 5 years of enterprise development experience.
But since backend world doesn’t exist in a vacuum I did some frontend development as well from time to time.
When I was joining Epam more than 2 years ago I had Java as primary skill with some knowledge of JavaScript,
huge interest and will to study more about it. Since than I started gaining more and more experience in it,
 most of my tasks got to be frontend-related so that currently I consider JavaScript as my primary skill.

Most time since I've joined Epam I was working on Pentaho project.
Pentaho is a huge Business intelligence suite with vast variety of opportunities for collecting, integration and analyzing data.
Several teams, with mine among them were working on creating completely new module called Data Exploration Tool
that was providing users with convenient way of visualizing data.
For data visualizations we where using custom library built on top of protovis (same ancestor as d3).
So in a nutshell we were showing different types of charts with opportunities to select particularly interesting data to be shown, to create several tabs,
 filtering data based on parameter set, diving deeper into more details of the data shown.

 We were using AngularJs as main frontend framework.
 After synchronizing data among different component became a mess, we've added Redux for better state management.
 I think it could significantly improve code quality. As well we where using lodash that freed us from reinventing the well
 and supplied with bunch of useful functions. RequireJs help to separate codebase into modules.
 With no surprises there where styles and Html pages.
 Important part is unit tests, which where written using Jasmine and Karma as test runner. As control versioning system we were using Git,
 doing code review on GitHub.

I was the only representative from Epam side in the team, so all my teammates were from customer side: mainly Portugal, few people from US.
I've took an active part in all my day-to-day meetings such as StandUps, Planings, Groomings, retros and demos:
I was actively listening to understand and clarify needs and requirements, asked questions and raised concerns.
I believe I'm a good team player because I understand from practice that in team that's either everyone wins or everyone looses,
so I'm always willing to providing help and I understand the necessity to ask for help when you got stuck.
I know well how knowledge sharing and transferring can speed up productivity and be beneficial for everyone.
However I can work well on my own. During each Christmas all my teammates are gone having holidays and
though being left on my own I do accomplish tasks in time with desired quality.

As of key developer my responsibilities are the following:
  -analyzing requirements and implementing new functionality, new features according to them
    sometimes that involves prior investigations and spiking, sometimes I have to create POC, before proceeding with actual implementation
  -adding unit tests,
  -concluding code review,
  -finding the cause and the fix for the bugs

As of non-of-project activities currently I'm helping other project where there is only single FE dev working there by performing CodeReview.
I'm interested in web and I'm trying to be better specialist then I was a day before
and I'm doing my best to keep track of major technological changes. It happens to me all the time when you study something new then
something changes and you have to use it. In those cases it helps a lot that you've prepared the ground and started studying in advance.
I attend conferences (last was RSConf) and occasional JsCommunity events (JsDevDay),
read books and articles (usually from medium) and pass online courses.
